Hey
Mom, why are you here?
Yufeng, come here
Mom, let's talk to you. Sit down
So what's up?
Mom, that's what happened
Your dad suddenly feels
Sorry.
I want to see you go back to the Dong family to make up for you
He hates me so much.
Don't you think I've embarrassed the Dong family?
Kill my husband
Think of my son
He will feel sorry for me
Hey, your dad is getting old
I also owe him many times
He finally realized his mistake recently.
After all, a family's blood is thicker than water
Don't bother with him
So my husband died in vain?
Mom misses you every day
Now is the opportunity to meet
You don't want your mother anymore.
Are you ready?
I'll go back with you
Oh mom
What will come to grandma's house later?
Oh yeah.
Hey, what are you doing here, you Chu family scumbag?